feat(otelcol.connector.spanmetrics): Expose include_collector_instance_id (#6635)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.connector.spanmetrics.md

> When the `aggregation_cardinality_limit` limit is reached, additional unique combinations will be dropped but registered under a new entry with `otel.metric.overflow="true"`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `aggregation_cardinality_limit` limit is reached, the component drops additional unique combinations but registers them under a new entry with otel.metric.overflow="true".
```

A small rewrite into active voice will fix the "will" warning.

We could say either "Alloy drops" or "the component drops".. not sure which would be more accurate.
